<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title/></head><body><h1>Advanced Templating
</h1>
<p>&#160;pasted over from templating
  <br/></p>
<h3>[SUBJECT]
  <br/></h3>
<p>[SUBJECT] adds the subject of the email within the newsletter text.
</p>
<h3>[FOOTER]
</h3> Don&#8217;t forget to include the [FOOTER] where you want to print the footer code.
<h3>Mandatory and common placeholders in the footer
  <br/></h3>
<h3>[SIGNATURE]
</h3>
<p>[SIGNATURE] prints the phpList image signature.
</p>
<h3>[FORWARDURL]
</h3>
<p>[FORWARDURL] is a link where the recipient can go to &#8220;forward this message&#8221;
</p>
<h3>[PREFERENCESURL] and [UNSUBSCRIBEURL]
</h3>
<p>[PREFERENCESURL] allows the recipient to edit their subscribe preferences, for example update their email or the number of your lists to which they below. This essentially allows them to maintain your list for you and is an valuable feature.
  <br/></p>
<p> [UNSUBSCRIBEURL] allows the recipient to totally unsubscribe from all your lists. It is best to use this along side [PREFERENCESURL] if you manage multiple lists.
</p>
<p>You can include these strings in the template code, in the [FOOTER] code or in both.
</p>
<p><span>There is a default [FOOTER] that you can edit in Settings (&#8220;Default footer for sending a campaign&#8221;), with the same process as template: writing your code in an html editor with inline styles. This default [FOOTER] will load when you create a campaign, but you can edit it in each campaign box. </span>
</p> I forgot the tracker strings: [USERID] and [USERTRACK] All this is well documented here: http://docs.phplist.com/TemplatesInfo.html&#160;
<p>&#160;
</p></body></html>